c:\Users\Ryanb\Trabalho\Projetos\Projetos VSC\MyWebApp\MyWebApp\bin\Debug\net9.0\appsettings.Development.json
c:\Users\Ryanb\Trabalho\Projetos\Projetos VSC\MyWebApp\MyWebApp\bin\Debug\net9.0\appsettings.json
c:\Users\Ryanb\Trabalho\Projetos\Projetos VSC\MyWebApp\MyWebApp\bin\Debug\net9.0\MyWebApp.staticwebassets.endpoints.json
c:\Users\Ryanb\Trabalho\Projetos\Projetos VSC\MyWebApp\MyWebApp\bin\Debug\net9.0\MyWebApp.exe
c:\Users\Ryanb\Trabalho\Projetos\Projetos VSC\MyWebApp\MyWebApp\bin\Debug\net9.0\MyWebApp.deps.json
c:\Users\Ryanb\Trabalho\Projetos\Projetos VSC\MyWebApp\MyWebApp\bin\Debug\net9.0\MyWebApp.runtimeconfig.json
c:\Users\Ryanb\Trabalho\Projetos\Projetos VSC\MyWebApp\MyWebApp\bin\Debug\net9.0\MyWebApp.dll
c:\Users\Ryanb\Trabalho\Projetos\Projetos VSC\MyWebApp\MyWebApp\bin\Debug\net9.0\MyWebApp.pdb
c:\Users\Ryanb\Trabalho\Projetos\Projetos VSC\MyWebApp\MyWebApp\obj\Debug\net9.0\MyWebApp.GeneratedMSBuildEditorConfig.editorconfig
c:\Users\Ryanb\Trabalho\Projetos\Projetos VSC\MyWebApp\MyWebApp\obj\Debug\net9.0\MyWebApp.AssemblyInfoInputs.cache
c:\Users\Ryanb\Trabalho\Projetos\Projetos VSC\MyWebApp\MyWebApp\obj\Debug\net9.0\MyWebApp.AssemblyInfo.cs
c:\Users\Ryanb\Trabalho\Projetos\Projetos VSC\MyWebApp\MyWebApp\obj\Debug\net9.0\MyWebApp.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
c:\Users\Ryanb\Trabalho\Projetos\Projetos VSC\MyWebApp\MyWebApp\obj\Debug\net9.0\MyWebApp.MvcApplicationPartsAssemblyInfo.cache
c:\Users\Ryanb\Trabalho\Projetos\Projetos VSC\MyWebApp\MyWebApp\obj\Debug\net9.0\scopedcss\bundle\MyWebApp.styles.css
c:\Users\Ryanb\Trabalho\Projetos\Projetos VSC\MyWebApp\MyWebApp\obj\Debug\net9.0\staticwebassets.build.json
c:\Users\Ryanb\Trabalho\Projetos\Projetos VSC\MyWebApp\MyWebApp\obj\Debug\net9.0\staticwebassets.development.json
c:\Users\Ryanb\Trabalho\Projetos\Projetos VSC\MyWebApp\MyWebApp\obj\Debug\net9.0\staticwebassets.build.endpoints.json
c:\Users\Ryanb\Trabalho\Projetos\Projetos VSC\MyWebApp\MyWebApp\obj\Debug\net9.0\MyWebApp.dll
c:\Users\Ryanb\Trabalho\Projetos\Projetos VSC\MyWebApp\MyWebApp\obj\Debug\net9.0\refint\MyWebApp.dll
c:\Users\Ryanb\Trabalho\Projetos\Projetos VSC\MyWebApp\MyWebApp\obj\Debug\net9.0\MyWebApp.pdb
c:\Users\Ryanb\Trabalho\Projetos\Projetos VSC\MyWebApp\MyWebApp\obj\Debug\net9.0\MyWebApp.genruntimeconfig.cache
c:\Users\Ryanb\Trabalho\Projetos\Projetos VSC\MyWebApp\MyWebApp\obj\Debug\net9.0\ref\MyWebApp.dll
c:\Users\Ryanb\Trabalho\Projetos\Projetos VSC\MyWebApp\MyWebApp\obj\Debug\net9.0\staticwebassets.build.json.cache
c:\Users\Ryanb\Trabalho\Projetos\Projetos VSC\MyWebApp\MyWebApp\obj\Debug\net9.0\MyWebApp.sourcelink.json
